my name is Gretchen Rubin and this is
the Happiness Project the pigeon of
discontent for this week is certainly
one of the most common pigeons of
discontent which is at the top of my
list is too much internet and TV time
now I am a huge believer in the glories
of television and how fun it can be to
watch really good television and the
treasure trove of information and
engagement that is on the Internet so
I'm a huge believer in both of these
things but the fact is screens are a
good servant but bad masters it's
wonderful to use these things mindfully
and to really be getting value out of
them but it's very very easy to start
slipping into a mode where you're just
mindlessly consuming click click
clicking or channel surfing or just
spending hour after hour on something
that's not valuable that you're not
really getting a lot of fun out of and
you're just you just sort of go into
this trance if you know what I mean
where you sort of forget that you could
get up out of your seat and do anything
else you lose yourself in it but not in
a positive way not in a way where you're
really getting a lot out of it and
you're filled with excitement and
interest but just sort of it's just like
enough it's just like junk food it's
just enough to keep you going and to
keep you from remembering that you
should get up and do something else so
watch out for this trance mode and it's
hard because you have to have enough
mindfulness and enough self-awareness to
realize that you've gone into this
trance but it's something to be aware of
and also if you have this feeling which
I sometimes have where I feel like I'm
too tired to do anything else other than
just like click around the internet or
flip through the channels of the
television if you feel like you're too
tired to do anything else go to sleep if
you're too tired to do anything that's
more a valuable use of your time than
that then you really should be in bed
and go to sleep so the resolution for
this pigeon of discontent is to choose
to watch television or to cruise the
Internet
you